.TH PULSEVIEW 1 "March 31, 2020"
.SH "NAME"
PulseView \- Qt-based LA/scope/MSO GUI for sigrok
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B pulseview \fR[\fBOPTIONS\fR] [\fBFILE\fR]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.B PulseView
is a cross-platform Qt-based GUI for the
.B sigrok
software suite for test and measurement equipment such as logic analyzers,
oscilloscopes, MSOs, and more.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.B PulseView
has very few command line options, as most configuration elements are
available from the GUI itself.
.sp
If the optional \fBFILE\fR argument is supplied, PulseView tries to open
the specified file. It has to be in the "libsigrok session" format (.sr)
unless -I is used to specify the input file format.
.TP
.B "\-l, \-\-loglevel"
Set the libsigrok and libsigrokdecode loglevel. At the moment PulseView
doesn't support setting the two loglevels independently. The higher the
number, the more debug output will be printed. Valid loglevels are:
.sp
\fB0\fP   None
.br
\fB1\fP   Error
.br
\fB2\fP   Warnings
.br
\fB3\fP   Informational
.br
\fB4\fP   Debug
.br
\fB5\fP   Spew
.TP
.B "\-h, \-?, \-\-help"
Show a help text and exit.
.TP
.B "\-V, \-\-version"
Show version information and exit.
.TP
.BR "\-d, \-\-driver " <drivername>
Specify the capture device to connect to. If the
.B \-\-driver
option is not supplied, PulseView attempts to re-connect to the
most recently used device, or auto-detect available devices.
.TP
.BR "\-D, \-\-dont\-scan "
Usually PulseView automatically scans all drivers to find suitable
devices during program startup. This option disables the auto-scan.
Users can either specify the
.B \-\-driver
option to pick a device at startup, or interactively scan for devices
after PulseView has finished starting up.
.TP
.BR "\-i, \-\-input\-file " <filename>
Load input from a file. If the
.B \-\-input\-format
option is not supplied, PulseView attempts to load the file as a sigrok session
file.
.TP
.BR "\-I, \-\-input\-format " <format>
Specifies the format of the input file to be loaded.
.TP
.BR "\-s, \-\-settings " <filename>
Load PulseView session setup to use with the input file. The setup file must be
in the "PulseView session setup" format (.pvs).
.TP
.BR "\-c, \-\-clean"
Prevents the previously used sessions to be restored from settings storage.
This is useful if you want only a single session with the file given on the
command line instead of restoring all previously used sessions as well.
.SH "KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS"
.TP
.B "f"
Zoom-to-fit.
.TP
.B "s"
Enable / disable sticky scrolling. When enabled, the right edge of the screen
always shows the most recently captured data.
.TP
.B "."
Show / hide sampling points.
.TP
.B "g"
Show / hide analog minor grid (in addition to the vdiv grid).
.TP
.B "c"
Show / hide cursors.
.TP
.B "d"
Show / hide protocol decoder selector.
.TP
.B "b"
Toggle between coloured trace backgrounds and alternating light/dark
gray trace backgrounds.
.TP
.B "SPACE"
Start / stop an acquisition.
.TP
.B "Left/right arrow keys"
Scroll left/right.
.TP
.B "+/-"
Zoom in/out.
.TP
.B "Up/down arrow keys"
Zoom in/out.
.TP
.B "Home/End"
Jump to the start/end of the sample data.
.TP
.B "1/2"
Attach left/right side of the cursors to the mouse.
.TP
.B "CTRL+o"
Open file.
.TP
.B "CTRL+s"
Save as...
.TP
.B "CTRL+r"
Save selected range as...
.TP
.B "CTRL+g"
Group all currently selected traces into a trace group.
.TP
.B "CTRL+u"
Ungroup the traces in the currently selected trace group.
.TP
.B "CTRL+up/down arrow keys"
Scroll down/up.
.TP
.B "CTRL+m/CTRL+n"
Scroll forward or backward (right or left) in time (horizontally) for the
entire width of the capture, currently shown in the PulseView window viewport,
according to current zoom settings (could be called a "full-page" scroll, by
analogy with printable document viewers)
.TP
.B "CTRL+b"
Save a bitmap screen capture (screenshot) of only the ruler and the viewport,
currently shown in the PulseView window; which allows these screenshots to be
stitched together horizontally afterwards, if they are obtained through a
"full-page" scroll (note: not pixel-perfect). Screenshots are saved with a
filename of 'pulseview_yyyyMMdd_hhmmss.png' (UTC timestamp), in the
temporary directory of the OS.
.TP
.B "CTRL+q"
Quit, i.e. shutdown PulseView (closing all session tabs).
.TP
.B "CTRL+w"
Close the current session tab.
.TP
.B "SHIFT+mouse wheel"
Scroll horizontally instead of zooming in/out.
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.B PulseView
exits with 0 on success, 1 on most failures.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
\fBsigrok\-cli\fP(1)
.SH "BUGS"
Please report any bugs via Bugzilla
.RB "(" http://sigrok.org/bugzilla ")"
or on the sigrok\-devel mailing list
.RB "(" sigrok\-devel@lists.souceforge.net ")."
.SH "LICENSE"
.B PulseView
is covered by the GNU General Public License (GPL), version 3 or later.
.SH "AUTHORS"
Please see the individual source code files.
.PP
This manual page was written by Uwe Hermann <uwe@hermann\-uwe.de>.
It is licensed under the terms of the GNU GPL (version 2 or later).
